Microsoft Phi 2 is a highly capable autoregressive language model developed by Microsoft Research. This Streamlit app allows users to interactively generate text using the Microsoft Phi 2 model.

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

* Python 3.7 or higher
* PyTorch 1.7.1 or higher
* Transformers library from Hugging Face

### Installation

1. Clone the repository:

```
git clone https://github.com/<username>/phi-2-streamlit-app.git
cd phi-2-streamlit-app
```
2. Install the required libraries:

```
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

### Usage

1. Run the Streamlit app:

```
streamlit run app.py
```
2. Enter a prompt in the text area and press the "Generate Output" button to generate text using the Microsoft Phi 2 model.

Note: The maximum number of new tokens that can be generated by the model is limited to 512 to avoid generating excessively long outputs.

## Customization

You can customize the behavior of the Microsoft Phi 2 model by modifying the following parameters in the `model.generate()` method:

* `max_new_tokens`: The maximum number of new tokens that can be generated by the model.
* `do_sample`: If set to `True`, the model will use stochastic sampling to generate text. If set to `False`, the model will use greedy decoding.
* `temperature`: Controls the level of randomness in the model's sampling strategy. Lower values result in more deterministic outputs, while higher values result in more creative outputs.

## Credits

This app was created using the Microsoft Phi 2 model and the Streamlit library. For more information about Microsoft Phi 2, please see the [official website](https://microsoft.github.io/phi/). For more information about Streamlit, please see the [official documentation](https://docs.streamlit.io/).
